On the left is a visualization of overnight stays at Crait National Park.
Each concentric ring in the background represents 5,000 nights.
The colored rings represent the number of nights spent per month per accommodation type.
Each colored ring represents a type of accommodation:
lodging, RV, tent, and backcountry.
From this, we can see tent camping is the most popular accommodation from October to May.
The white part of the visualization indicates average temperatures below freezing (32°F).
The red shape in the circle represents average temperatures above 70°F.
From December to May, some nights average above 70°F.
From June to October, some nights average below freezing.